DOCS-1070: Pt3: Update UI on several more tutorials (#1783)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/projects/claw-game.md

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Builder UI" %}}

> Click on the **Components** subtab click the **Create component** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the **Components** subtab.
Click the **Create component** button in the lower-left corner.
```
